update clickhouse integration docs (#3676)
langchain-ai/docs: src/oss/python/integrations/chat/databricks.mdx

The serving endpoint `ChatDatabricks` wraps must have OpenAI-compatible chat input/output format ([reference](https://mlflow.org/docs/latest/llms/deployments/index.html#chat)). As long as the input format is compatible, `ChatDatabricks` can be used for any endpoint type hosted on [Databricks Model Serving](https://docs.databricks.com/en/machine-learning/model-serving/index.html):

> 1. Foundation models - A curated set of common foundation models such as DBRX, Llama3, and Mixtral-8x7B. These endpoints are ready to use in your Databricks workspace without any setup.

Author: ```suggestion
1. Foundation Models - Curated list of state-of-the-art foundation models such as DRBX, Llama3, Mixtral-8x7B, and etc. These endpoint are ready to use in your Databricks workspace without any set up.
```
